[theme music]
[bird chirping]
[gasps]
[quirky music playing]
[breathes heavily]
[seagulls cawing]
Hey there, Dr. Yoon…
Hmm?
[quirky music]
Oh, my goodness.
[Nam-suk] Guess what? I just saw Dr. Yoon
walking out of Chief Hong's house.
Early in the morning,
like a sneaky little cat.
[Chun-jae] Here I thought
Du-sik was a tame one.
[Yeong-guk] There's no more innocence
left in the world.
[Hwa-jeong] Nam-suk,
stop bad mouthing people.
[gasps]
Ladies, look at this.
-What?
-What is it?
[dog barks in distance]
[exhales deeply]
You slept with Chief Hong?
♪ Hye-jin and Du-sik sitting in a tree
K-I-S-S-I-N-G ♪
-[Hye-jin coughs]
-Oh, my god.
-[Mi-seon] What's wrong? Is it true?
-[Hye-jin breathes heavily]
[Hye-jin] Do we have any hangover tea?
Let me look.
[squeaking]
[yawns]
God, my head.
EPISODE 5
[yawns]
[chuckles]
She must've left in a hurry.
FOR BROTH, BEAN SPROUTS
[Du-sik sighs]
[Du-sik] All right.
[sighs]
Tofu is a must for kimchi soup.
Okay.
This headache is killing me.
How do I drink so much
and blacked out? Oh, my God.
Oh, my head.
[Hye-jin] Du-sik. Du-sik. Du-sik.
I even learned pole dancing.
[Hye-jin laughing]
My goodness.
[gasps]
Don't I look like Kim Yu-na?
What the… Oh, my.
Look at this.
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
-Look over here. One, two, three.
-[camera shutter clicks]
[laughs]
[Hye-jin] Oh, please. That's insane.
-[squeals]
-[camera shutter clicks]
The combination to my door lock
is eight, seven, zero, seven, two, four.
Whoa! Chief Hong!
[laughs]
Whoa!
[panting]
Aren't I so good?
Aren't I strong?
[Hye-jin] Aren't I really good?
[Hye-jin laughs]
One, two!
[laughs]
Aren't I so good?
[pants]
[Hye-jin] One million and twenty-two,
twenty-three, twenty-four.
[Hye-jin laughing]
Chief Hong!
I should quit drinking.
[gasps, sighs]
[mutters]
Wait.
This doesn't make any sense, though.
If I was out all night,
how did I end up back at his place?
Huh?
[in sped-up voice]
Du-sik.
[Hye-jin squeals]
[in sped-up voice]
Chief Hong!
[Hye-jin] Uh…
Wait. I can't remember what happened.
[breathes heavily]
-Let's go.
-[Hye-jin] Mi-seon.
-Let's take off today.
-Okay.
-Wait, really?
-[Mi-seon] Sure.
I left your credit card bill on the table.
[sighs]
I'm not ready for…
[Hye-jin exhales deeply]
Let's just go to work.
-Oh, let's go.
-[Mi-seon groans]
-[grunts]
-[Hye-jin] What's wrong?
-This is bad. You should go first.
-What do you mean?
I got something real bad going on. Oh, no.
-[gasps]
-[door opens]
-[sighs]
-[door closes]
[groans]
[inhales deeply]
[sighs]
Darn it.
MARK AND CHECK COUNTRY OF ORIGIN
-Oh!
-Oh, hey!
-[both muttering]
Hey! Hey! They slept together?
-Did they?
-Oh, they…
-[shushes]
-Did they sleep together?
Wait a second.
[shushes]
-What did you see?
-She yawned, she was rubbing her eyes.
-She looked so happy.
-[Yun-gyeong] That's crazy.
-She did?
-[gasps]
Okay.
-Hello.
-Morning.
-How are you this morning?
-[Hye-jin] Hello.
-Hello.
[Du-sik] Hey, Ms. Dentist!
-[Nam-suk] It's Du-sik.
-[Chun-jae] Hey.
-It's Du-sik.
-Hello.
You left without doing the dishes.
[Nam-suk] Here we go.
-Hey!
-[all murmur]
[Hye-jin] Don't you think it's rude
to make guests wash dishes?
-I even brought expensive wine.
-I'll collect your…
[Du-sik] Did you forget
the ginseng wine you had?
-We were drinking ginseng wine?
-[Nam-suk] I call you on the phone.
-[gasps]
-[Du-sik] Ah, forget it. Have you eaten?
Huh?
-Let's take a photo.
-Yeah, let's do that.
-[Hye-jin] I was going to work.
-[overlapping chatter]
[camera shutter clicks]
What about breakfast?
-How's this?
-Let's do traditional.
-Okay.
-Look, they're talking.
-What are you all doing?
-Just taking a…
-[Nam-suk] Du-sik.
-…photo.
How wonderful.
You got some sleep, that's great.
Why are you calling out here
and taking photos?
-Service is better out here, you know.
-Uh-huh.
[Du-sik] What are you talking about?
That's absurd.
-I'll see you later.
-[Nam-suk] Okay.
-[Yun-gyeong] Okay. Bye.
-[Du-sik] Bye.
[laughter]
-They're having hangover soup.
-[Yun-gyeong giggles]
[Chun-jae] Do you see them?
[Hwa-jeong] What are you doing there?
[Nam-suk in hushed voice]
Hey, come take a look here.
Hurry.
Come on. This is huge.
-[Hwa-jeong] I can't see.
-[Chun-jae] Let's open it a crack.
[Nam-suk] Be quiet! Shh.
[Geum-cheol whispers]
Do you see them?
[Yun-gyeong whispers]
What's going on?
-[Geum-cheol] Can you see?
-[Yun-gyeong] How sweet.
[Du-sik slurps]
By traditional, I meant
meat on the bone, not ox blood.
But ox blood is so good, though.
[Du-sik] It's chewy and savory.
It's got vitamin A, iron.
It's good for you.
-Not what's important right now.
-Then what is, then?
-Just eat casually.
-Hm?
Pick up your spoon and eat,
just don't look to your left.
Hey, come on. Listen to me.
[quirky music]
[Nam-suk in hushed voice]
Hey! Come on.
I know they're over there.
And I know they're watching us.
What's going on?
People found out about…
Well, about what…
[gasps]
…what we did.
[Du-sik sighs]
I… I can't see clearly.
So anyway,
did something happen last night?
A lot happened.
Well, what?
Well, it…
It was wild.
It was like spring break.
I thought I was watching a TV series.
You hopped out and suddenly
ran out, singing, and dancing.
-Climbing on stuff. "I'm Yuna Kim!"
-[sighs]
Then off you were running some more.
You were screaming my name.
It was pretty unbelievable
how adamant you got, Doc.
Strange, because I don't really drink
very often. I…
Well, maybe I wasn't feeling well.
So that's not normal for you?
Then you, you decided
we should keep drinking.
So we went to my place,
and you drank my homemade wine.
Hey, are you gonna pay me back
with that, by the way?
I didn't know ox blood is rich in iron.
[Du-sik] What?
-[Hye-jin] Mm. It's good.
-[sighs]
-[Du-sik] Here.
-[gasps]
-[all gasp]
-Oh! My goodness.
[Chun-jae] Did he just touch her?
[Geum-cheol whispers]
What are they doing?
Are you okay? Wipe your mouth.
[Hye-jin] They'll get the wrong idea!
It looks very weird. Like a vampire
with blood all over your face.
[sighs]
You just messed up everything.
-What did I do?
-[sighs]
I thought that maybe if we ate together
like friends, they wouldn't…
Why'd you wipe my mouth like that?
[Hye-jin sighs]
Now they're going to ramble
on how we look good together.
[Nam-suk] Hmm.
You think there's… chemistry between them?
Shh.
Um, if I compare it to making music…
-It's missing a meter.
-That's right.
Bingo. He wiped her mouth
like Geum-cheol would do to Bo-ra's.
[gasps]
I'm sensing fatherly love.
-That's it.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah. Something like that.
-Yeah, that's what it was.
[gasps]
Oh. So maybe nothing happened.
They're adults! Think about it.
Come on. I'm sure they slept together.
-[laughter]
-That's true.
-Seriously now.
-That is enough!
This is what you were doing now?
What a waste of time. My God.
-Ever heard of privacy?
-I watch privately.
-Oh.
-[all chuckle]
None of you people know
how to mind your own business.
I'm just making clear what I saw.
-She was wrong, right?
-[Nam-suk] Gosh.
[Hwa-jeong] That doesn't make it okay.
Sticking your nose
where it doesn't belong is still wrong.
-Got it?
-[Chun-jae] Got it.
[scoffs]
You think you're so moral.
Just go.
Get out of here.
-Oh, fine then. Let's go.
-Okay.
I should go prepare
some noodles. Anyway, then.
-I'll text you in a minute.
-Okay.
I have to go receive coffee beans anyway.
I should go back to my store.
[chuckles]
-[Chun-jae] Why is he still there?
-[exhales deeply]
[groaning]
-[grunts]
-Come on. Let's go.
Wait, wait, wait! My legs cramped up!
[clears throat]
[exhales deeply]
-[phone chimes]
-Huh?
[Nam-suk] I made a new chatroom
without Hwa-jeong.
-[chuckles]
-Let's talk more at Bora Supermarket.
[Nam-suk] Chief Hong could do better
than Dr. Yoon.
[Suk-ja] Oh, yeah. Of course, he could.
[Mat-i] You can say that again.
Dr. Yoon, when you compare her
to Chief Hong, has nothing to offer.
-He could have anyone.
-[Suk-ja] Sure.
There's nothing that boy Du-sik
is missing when it comes to love.
Every single girl in Gongjin
has had a crush on him at least once.
-[Gam-ri] Right.
-He was my first love.
-[laughter]
-Really?
-What?
-It wasn't you. Sorry.
-Ha.
-[all laughing]
You're all so brazen, aren't you?
How could you think Du-sik
is a better catch than the dentist, huh?
-Uh…
-Oh, come on!
You've decided to pick her?
-Whoa? Whoa? Whoa?
-Huh? What?
[scoffs]
Chun-jae, what do you think?
Gam-ri, come on.
Call me Oh Yoon, not Chun-jae.
-Oh Yoon. Yeah.
-Oh Yoon.
-[chuckles]
Du-sik? Um, he's a wonderful guy.
-Uh?
-Uh-huh.
But she's not bad either.
[Mi-seon] You only get one vote.
-How you all doing?
-[Nam-suk] Goodness.
-[laughter]
-Mm.
So? Going with Hye-jin
or you picking Chief Hong?
[inhales]
Let me see…
[munching]
…Chief Hong is good at everything.
-Mm-hm.
-There's nothing he can't do, right?
-But Dr. Yoon is a dentist.
-[Nam-suk] Hm.
So she makes good money.
So the scale tips to her side.
Yeah, but Dr. Yoon can only fix
people's teeth,
whereas Du-sik can fix anything.
That's right. He can.
[Chun-jae] But the one thing
he can't fix is teeth.
[Nam-suk] You're spitting everywhere!
Here's my card.
No, it's on me.
No, thanks. I'm not about
to let myself owe you a meal.
Well, all right then. Thanks for the meal.
Can you separate the checks?
[machine beeps, whirs]
[cashier] That'll be 8,000 won.
[Du-sik] Thank you.
Let's stop by Chun-jae's cafe.
I'm pretty good at making hangover coffee.
Chief Hong.
Do you like me?
How absurd, huh.
[seagulls cawing]
I mean, really.
How delusional are you, huh?
What? Making you a cup of coffee
means "I like you"?
-You a princess?
-Uh, I just thought…
I thought maybe you were…
What?
Think about it. You found my shoe for me.
You came to my rescue.
[inhales]
Seems like you're always bumping into me.
Doesn't mean anything.
A sea animal was gonna swallow
your shoe, that's why I fished it out.
As for that pervert,
Ms. Gam-ri called me out of the blue…
I'm not always around you.
It was you who came by last night,
and it was your idea to eat today.
Just forget it, then.
I just wanted to check
to prevent any disasters.
[Du-sik sighs]
We wouldn't be a good match.
You and I have
different social positions, so…
Social positions?
They say people with similar background
just make better matches.
Since they have similar values, there's a…
a better chance of getting along.
But we're…
I'm not trying to make you
feel bad about anything.
I just wanted to clear up--
I pity myself, yeah, but also you.
-What do you mean?
-You're so calculating.
It must be exhausting.
[Hye-jin] Was I too harsh on him?
Don't you agree with me, though?
On paper, if you're objective,
I'm better than he is.
I was tired,
but this really got me going, and…
Everyone's been saying
he's better than you are.
[scoffs]
Yeah, of course. They love him.
They're biased for their hometown hero,
but that's just not right.
I'm a doctor.
Doesn't that mean anything here?
He went to Seoul National U.
He went where?
Seoul National University.
-Impossible.
-It's true.
Uh, so not just a school in Seoul…
-SNU?
-[Mi-seon] Yup.
If you think about it, he's been
extraordinary ever since he was little.
[all] Mm-hm.
-[Young Du-sik] Sky is black…
-[Gam-ri] He was always smart…
-[Young Du-sik] …earth is yellow
-[Gam-ri] …ever since he was little.
-[Young Du-sik] Space and time…
-So good.
-[Gam-ri] At age six…
-…vast and limitless
[Gam-ri] …he memorized the Cheonjamun.
-Sun, high or low, Moon, full or parsed
-[Gam-ri] I've never seen anyone like him.
[Mat-i] Even with all that playing,
whenever he took a test,
he would always get the top score.
[Nam-suk] He even won gold medal
at the Mathematics Olympiad.
[Du-sik] Hey!
[Yun-gyeong] That's not all.
He was a great fighter too.
No one in Gongjin
could hold a candle to him.
[all grunting]
[Geum-cheol] He did fight well,
but that's not something to brag about.
[Yun-gyeong] He fought to save you
from getting beaten up.
You see, I've always been
a pacifist against violence.
-Oh, dear.
-Oh, my.
[Suk-ja] Goodness. That's embarrassing.
Then he studied engineering
at the best university.
-With the highest grades to boost.
-That's right.
We called him the king of Gongjin,
and everyone put up signs
-and banners.
-[Yun-gyeong] Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah!
Didn't he also get
a scholarship every year?
-[Mat-i] Oh, yeah.
-Yes.
[Geum-cheol] We sure are proud of him.
So then, why does he live like this?
They may address him as Chief Hong,
but he just does odd jobs.
I know.
So there are three mysteries in Gongjin.
-I'm listening.
-Okay.
Number one. No one seems to know
the reason Ms. Yeo and Mr. Chang divorced.
Right. No one seems to know that.
Number two.
Where was Chief Hong for these five years?
Was he gone… for five years?
He came back home five years
after he graduated,
yet nobody knows
what he did during those years.
It's a big mystery.
REVOLUTIONARY SPIRIT OF BAEKDU
[Nam-suk] I heard that he was sent
to North Korea as a spy.
[fanfare music playing]
[Chun-jae] Oh, that's not right.
It makes more sense that he worked
for the National Intelligence Service
and had to fake his identity.
[cocks gun]
Wasn't there a rumor
that he took care of lions
while working
for an animal rights group in Africa?
One time I heard a rumor
he swam across the Pacific Ocean.
Oh, no. Mt. Everest.
He summited without oxygen.
[crunches]
[chuckles]
You all talk about him so highly.
[Geum-cheol] You know,
there are other rumors.
What are you saying?
[classical music playing]
[Geum-cheol] Some say he was locked
in a mental asylum…
-[Yun-gyeong] What?
-…for all those years.
Others say he was incarcerated for murder.
Oh, my ear itches so dang much.
[exhales]
[overlapping chatter]
How absurd.
How come it's something so stupid?
You're completely out of your mind.
You can't just make up
stupid stuff like that!
Aren't you friends with him?
How could you believe rumors like that?
-I need a stapler. Someone give me one.
-Hey!
-Oh, why, why, why?
-To staple your stupid lips!
Someone should teach you
not to spread some stupid lies!
[clamoring]
Honey, please. Can you please be quiet?
-What? That's what I heard!
-[Yun-gyeong] Be quiet!
[screams]
You're always against me!
-You're wrong.
-[Geum-cheol] Damn it!
-How do you put up with him?
-Right?.
[overlapping chatter]
Hey. So, where did you hear all that?
Uh, the Gongjin Friends chat room.
But why did they invite you and not me?
No idea. They wanted me to join.
Okay, so?
[clears throat]
Who do you think is better off?
Chief Hong or me?
Uh, we're expecting a patient soon.
Hey, you need to get on my side.
Do you think he's better than me, really?
Hey, it's not about
who's better than who, you know?
It's all about what's in your heart.
-[both chuckle]
-Someone's growing.
That's how you fell in love
with Eun-cheol Choi at first sight.
[both chuckle]
It's so simple. The way it should be.
But what about you?
You consider their looks, jobs,
educational background.
Yeah. I'm trying to vet as many as I can
without having to date them all.
Ah? And how's it working out for you?
Did you not learn anything
after what Lee Gang-uk did to you?
[scoffs, inhales]
Hye-jin.
You ready for the third and final mystery?
I'm going to the bathroom.
[sighs]
Oh, shush! Mi-seon.
[groans]
[club music playing]
[man 1] Gang-uk, your taste
in women changed a lot!
-[Gang-uk] Shut up, you bastard.
-[man laughs]
She isn't bad for a dental student.
Yeah, she has a nice body but awful style.
I feel embarrassed whenever we go out.
I thought
she'd get dolled up today, but no.
I almost told her to go home earlier.
[man 2] But I like how she looks. Simple.
There's a very fine line
between simple and looking poor.
She only has
a few pieces of clothes and shoes.
She looks pathetic.
-[man 1] Let's just drink.
-[man 2] Cheers!
-[Gang-uk] Damn it.
-[men laughing]
[somber music playing]
Please tell them I left
because something urgent came up.
[chuckles softly]
[somber music playing]
[sighs]
[Seong-hyeon] Wow!
You stayed in touch with Chief Hong
while he was in Seoul, didn't you?
Don't you know what he was up to?
Why does it even matter?
What's important is
that he's with us right now.
Yeah, but I'm still curious.
It was just a little strange
when he returned here.
Oh, just stop it.
Let's just stop with the rambling
on and on. Let it go.
Ah! Look at all these beautiful flowers.
Yeah.
[Gam-ri chuckles]
Isn't this great? I'm glad
we planted so many flowers.
[all chuckle]
It's so strange. When I was young,
I didn't appreciate them.
That's because we were
the pretty flowers back then.
-[laughs]
-Yeah, yeah.
Ah, since they're in full bloom already,
the only thing left
is to wither away graciously.
[Du-sik] Look over here!
-Hm?
-[camera shutter clicking]
[Gam-ri] What?
Why'd you take a photo of us?
[laughs]
Take photos of these flowers,
not of some old women like us.
-I don't even have makeup on.
-Yeah.
Trust me,
you're prettier than the flowers.
Oh, you sugarcoat everything.
But we're smarter than that, you know.
Even at my age, it still feels pretty good
to hear it.
[all chuckle]
-Doesn't it feel good?
-Oh, goodness.
-[laughter]
-[camera shutter clicks]
[tranquil music playing]
[tapping]
[chuckles]
That sounds great.
[laughs]
Is this a Nanta performance or what?
-Don't I have a good rhythm?
-You do.
-[laughs]
-This is proof that I'm indeed a musician.
You've eaten enough of our snacks,
now go on.
-Hwa-jeong.
-What?
What will you do…
[munching]
…about Ms. Yu Cho-hui?
So that's why you're here.
Am I your next gossiping victim?
Yu Cho-hui? I've heard that name
somewhere before. Have I met her?
She's Yeong-guk's first love.
The teacher who's here 15 years ago.
Her? Oh, yeah.
The woman he, he… he fell over heels for?
[Nam-suk] Exactly.
You remember her, right?
[gasps]
She came back to town.
-She did?
-[Nam-suk] Yeah.
And I found out, she's still single.
Oh, no way.
Ooh, Yeong-guk must be excited.
And you know,
she's prettier than our friend here.
Right. Hwa-jeong, she was pretty.
She was definitely pretty.
-Whoa!
She's so strong.
-She popped the head right off.
-Oh, my goodness.
That's enough.
He's not my husband anymore.
So why are you saying this?
I don't know.
I'm just worried about you. That's all.
But why are you worried?
I know you two are divorced,
but you still think about him.
-I think about Yeong-guk?
-Yeah.
[both laughing]
-Yeong-guk, my God.
-That's understandable.
You treat me like we're the same age,
and like he's so much older.
He and I are the same age.
Only your birth year matters
when you become an adult.
-[Nam-suk laughs]
-I'm older than you, then!
Oh, we are both in the same grade,
-but not him.
-[sighs]
Come on, now.
She will kill you.
[chuckles]
[Nam-suk] Oh, gosh.
Want me to treat you like you're old, hm?
I'll do that. Let me do this for you.
-Yeah, but you look older.
-[Nam-suk] Oh, shut up.
-Hwa-jeong, you look young.
-[Nam-suk] You do.
[sighs]
[clears throat]
Cho-hui.
You want to walk on the beach later?
Uh, that's too lame.
Hmm.
You like coffee… isn't that right?
Uh, let's get, uh, iced… No.
And I, uh…
Oh, this is driving me crazy.
Just send it to her!
Watching you is frustrating.
[gasps]
You were reading what I wrote?
A drive, a movie,
a walk, and a cup of coffee?
That's really too much.
I should file a complaint
against you, yeah, you,
a civil servant, goofing off at work.
You shouldn't be ashamed
of texting a woman.
You've been divorced
for almost three years now.
Good point, I suppose.
So, what's stopping you?
Your first love is back in town,
and you're both single.
This seems like fate.
It's the perfect timing.
Send the text and come in.
Okay.
Why did I wait this much time
and not back then?
[sighs]
["Romantic Sunday" playing]
[camera shutter clicks]
[upbeat music playing]
Ooh.
Oh, stop!
Stop! Stop!
Whoa!
[comical music]
[screaming]
[groans, pants]
Thank you so much. Oh, you saved my life.
-Nah, I saved your camera's life.
-[panting]
A person can be rescued, but cameras die.
You know, just because it's shock-proof
doesn't mean it's waterproof.
[pants]
You know a lot about cameras.
Whoa! What?
This was the final model.
I hear it's really hard to find nowadays.
Yeah, the, uh, the lens was hard to find.
Only 500 were produced worldwide.
Let's give it some room.
[chuckles]
Oh, sure. How were you able to find
such a rare item?
Well, it wasn't easy.
I mean, it took a few years to find.
Can I buy it? Come on, man.
I'll pay you double.
Ah, must be a trend nowadays to so boldly
demand more from your lifesaver.
Would you sell it if it was yours?
Uh… Well, let me touch it for one moment.
Let me just hold it. You can hold mine.
-Cool?
-Okay.
[inhales deeply]
Wow.
This looks sturdy.
What'd the camera and lens cost you?
Twenty million won?
A little bit more.
I think… Oh, this was made in 57.
You took great care of it.
Judging by the price,
you're more than a hobbyist.
What? Job?
Yeah, well, you can say that.
Something like that.
What do you mean?
I take photos, videos. Stuff like that.
And you? On an assignment?
I'm not sure
the neighborhood counts as that.
[Seong-hyeon chuckles]
I see. You live nearby.
I'll ask you where, uh,
the observatory is, do you know?
Ha.
[Du-sik] Okay, look.
-Take a left in front of that forked road.
-[Seong-hyeon] I see.
Just go down that way
about 30 meters to a barbershop.
Then take a left,
and you'll see a set of stairs.
Those lead up to the mountains.
Just go straight up. It's simple, right?
Yeah. Thank you for everything. I mean it.
Ah, we all look out, yeah?
Have a safe trip.
-Yeah, thank you. See you.
-All right.
[Du-sik chuckles]
[upbeat music playing]
[pants]
Hey! Take a left, not a right! Take…
[sighs]
[Du-sik] Darn it.
Hey!
[Du-sik] Why am I here?
[Seong-hyeon laughs]
[Seong-hyeon] This is a killer view.
Ah, the breeze is so refreshing too.
You're so happy-go-lucky.
First time in Gongjin?
No. I've been here four times this year.
[chuckles]
Did you bury some treasure here or what?
Gongjin wasn't my original destination,
-but… I got a little lost.
-[both chuckle]
Maybe use some recent
navigation apps to go around.
Google Maps or some GPS.
Even if I use them,
they wouldn't be much help.
[sarcastic laugh]
Because of that,
I found this great place, Gongjin.
You're a wandering enthusiast, huh?
Yeah, well, actually, it's fine
to take and wander around sometimes.
Every time I do that, life, you know,
shows me some great places.
I hope that soon we get self-driving cars.
[sighs]
Ready for that.
People like you could really benefit.
I'm hungry.
[Du-sik] Just enjoy the view.
You look so down.
Embarrassed about mentioning
social positions to a guy
from a top school?
That isn't it.
Although that is true.
There's something I'm curious about.
Did you sleep with him or not?
Hey.
It's just…
A conservative girl like you
would never give in to your desires.
[scoffs]
I think… I blacked out last night.
-What?
-Not totally,
but I only remember some parts.
I hung on a streetlamp,
I ran around screaming.
[sighs]
Mi-seon.
-[sighs]
-It happens, you know?
Just stop thinking
and go on with your life.
Do you know why
it's so painful after you blacked out?
It's because you try so hard
to remember everything.
It's over. Just press delete,
and forget about it. Can you do that?
-Should I?
-[Mi-seon] Yes.
Okay.
Uh, but tell me…
did it become R-rated?
Hey!
[Cho-hui] Oh, hello.
-[Hye-jin] Hello.
-[Mi-seon] Hello.
Don't you live next door?
[Hye-jin] Oh, yeah.
I moved in a few days ago,
I finally get to meet you.
I'm Yu Cho-hui. Nice to meet you.
Uh, Hye-jin. Good to meet you.
[both chuckle]
We work at Yoon Dental Clinic,
just over there.
You should stop by
and let us look at your teeth.
Oh, are you the dentist who'll be
visiting the school tomorrow afternoon?
Ah, aah… Uh-huh, yeah.
-I teach at Cheongjin Elementary School.
-[both] Aah.
[Cho-hui] What a small world.
I'll see you there.
It's really good to meet you.
Yeah. It was good to meet you.
All right.
-Hwajeong Raw Fish?
-Uh-huh.
[exhales deeply]
Where should we sit?
You can sit by the window.
So is this place any good?
Oh, come on. I'm telling you.
All right. Pick what you want.
[Seong-hyeon] You're not gonna sit down?
No, I'll take your order.
Sorry?
Ah, is this your place?
Ah, no, no. It's not my place.
But I'm here, I might as well help out.
How about I just bring you what I order?
-Huh…
-[Du-sik] I'll be back soon.
Uh… Wait…
[exhales]
I gotta keep my eye on this guy, you know?
[chuckles]
Gosh.
[Seong-hyeon] Whoa, big portions.
And these are some special mussels.
Wow. Most people think
they're normal mussels.
Well, I'm, uh…
I'm considered to be quite a foodie.
Oh.
[chuckles]
Whoa! How is this so soft?
Ah, it's because they were
actually fished by hand.
The trap ones tend to harden.
[chuckles]
Wow.
-I want this on my show.
-Wait, what show?
Ah, right. You said you took videos.
Actually, I'm…
-You're a mukbang Youtuber.
-Huh?
If I'd known,
I would've given you more food to eat.
No, That's not it. I'm a--
Ah, I see. Well, just work hard.
I watch a lot of mukbang shows,
ah, you don't look too familiar.
[chuckles]
-Really?
-Yes.
If you want to survive,
you have to be bold, you know?
You play it safe, you're finished.
Yeah, I hear that pretty often.
I've been told my shows are always
the same and people want something new.
Oh, sure. Variety is a spice of life.
-Make something new, okay?
-[exhales sharply]
I made this one. Eat it up.
[Seong-hyeon] That hit home.
Ah, whatever.
Oh!
[sharp inhale]
You're so good at calligraphy.
What are you writing?
Hoe-ja-jeong-ri, Geo-ja-pil-ban.
"Those who meet must part,
and who must be part of us
will return someday."
Very wise.
I should check the message
from your school.
What about your homework?
I don't have any.
Tomorrow Dr. Yoon is coming
to talk to your class.
All right. Hey, sweetie,
you have a new homeroom teacher, huh?
How is she?
I like her. She's pretty and kind.
Really? What's her name?
Yu Cho-hui.
Ms. Yu Cho-hui.
[quirky music playing]
HOE-JA-JEONG-RI
GEO-JA-PIL-BAN
STUDENT INFORMATION
CHANG I-JUN
FATHER: CHANG YEONG-GUK
MOTHER: YEO HWA-JEONG
NEW MESSAGE
[Yeong-guk] Cho-hui, this is Yeong-guk.
Are you free this weekend?
Would you like to have dinner together?
So? You like it?
Overall, it's not bad, yeah.
The seasoning is good.
What's that?
Is that a compliment or what, huh?
Yeah, it is. Pardon the, um, tepid review.
It's because my work involves food.
Huh.
-It's very good.
-All right.
How's the halibut?
It's freshly caught at sea.
-Honestly…
-[chuckles]
…that dish was disappointing.
How so?
It's breeding season, so that diminishes
the taste of the halibut.
And large-sized fish
are usually better fermented.
Hold up. I see your point about
the breeding affecting the flavor,
but the fermentation?
If you want to enjoy the freshness,
you should have it right away.
Hold on. You may be misinformed
about fermentation.
Raw means putting it
into your mouth immediately.
If you slice it, wrap it in a plastic,
and put it in the fridge for five hours.
You fermented the fish.
So both options are fresh.
So why would you put it
in the refrigerator?
Well, that's just the beauty of waiting,
you know?
-I don't believe this.
-[Seong-hyeon] It'll improve the texture,
the flavor, it'll improve the whole thing.
All right, that's enough.
None of that makes sense.
-Listen, I'm born and raised by the sea.
-[inhales, sighs]
I've had more fish
than you've ever seen, okay?
Ah, but you ate
what was put in front of you.
-This is something I search for.
-[scoffs]
Okay. How about this?
Let's call and ask Baek Jong-won.
How about that?
-Baek Jong-won?
-[Seong-hyeon] Yes.
You have Baek Jong-won's phone number?
Oh, yeah. Oh, I know him quite well. Here.
BAEK JONG-WON
[line ringing]
[automated voice] The person
you have called is unavailable.
-Please try your call again later.
-Why isn't he picking up?
Maybe he blocked your number.
Maybe you made the whole thing up.
Uh, No, I… I know him.
He's helped me out a lot before.
Yeah, I know him too because I've seen him
on TV, we're basically best friends.
-That's not it.
-Whatever. Forget it, man.
We may not have fermented fish,
but we do have fermented sikhye.
I'll bring some.
-[Du-sik] What a fraud.
-Oh!
Wow…
Well, I'm feeling really misrepresented.
Come on,
why is he not picking up his phone?
[automated voice]
The phone has been turned off.
-You will be forwarded to voicemail.
-Did he really block me?
[serene music playing]
[instructor] Now, we will rest
our body and soul.
Put down everything
that has happened today.
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong. Do you like me?
How absurd, huh.
[echoing]
[instructor] Keep your mind focused
and relax your body.
[Hye-jin] You and I
have different social positions.
I'm a doctor.
Doesn't that mean anything here?
He went to Seoul National U.
[groans]
[instructor] Breathe normally.
Inhale and exhale.
I pity myself, yeah, but also you.
You're so calculating.
It must be exhausting.
[screams, whimpers]
[sighs]
Come on, Mi-seon. What are you doing?
Constipated again?
No, it's the opposite.
I'm a bit busy
going through both extremes.
-What were you drinking?
-I just had beer last night.
They told me no more liquor
due to my constitution.
[scoffs]
You're ridiculous.
Hey, I'm sorry, but you should go alone.
I'll be here for a while.
Are you serious?
I have to teach kids
for an hour all alone?
[Mi-seon] I've already found a substitute.
Who?
[Mi-seon] You'll see.
[lively music playing]
CHEONGJIN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL
Ms. Dentist, over here.
[sighs]
Mi-seon, I swear, I'm gonna kill you.
Hey, Cho-hui.
Oh, my. Hi.
I sent you a text yesterday.
Did you receive it?
Ah, yeah. I didn't send a reply
because it was pretty late at night.
Ah.
[laughs]
Ah, I'm pretty open.
Feel free to message me back
whenever you want. You can do that.
I wanted to sit in
on the cavity prevention class.
Our town is hosting
the program today, so I…
Oh, you put it on?
Yeah, and my son is…
-I have a… a son.
-Dad, over here.
Oh, hey! Hey, there he is!
[chuckles]
[I-jun] Hi.
What?
[Hwa-jeong] Honey.
Mom and Dad. This is my homeroom teacher.
Huh?
Ms. Yu, my mom and dad.
Hello, I'm I-jun's mother.
[Cho-hui] Right. Hello.
I'm Yu Cho-hui, his teacher for homeroom.
-Mm.
-[chuckles softly]
[quirky music playing]
Hwa-jeong. You here?
Oh, wow. Is she out?
Oh, yes. Ms. Yeo is at I-jun's school.
What's she doing?
[worker] She went to sit in
on some special class
on behalf of the parents there.
[worker chuckles]
Oh, my God. The war is already starting.
Uh-oh, sorry. Walking too close
to a conservative girl.
Don't be ridiculous.
Eh, don't wanna send confusing signals,
don't wanna be misunderstood…
like thinking I like you.
[chuckles]
Oh, stop that.
We live in a pretty messed-up world.
An act of kindness
can get interpreted so wrong.
That's enough, Du-sik.
[Du-sik] Let me make this clear.
I didn't come here because I missed you.
I just accepted a part-time job.
That's all.
You know, you're teasing me
an awful lot for one mistake.
Oh, I'm really sorry. You see, I'm gonna
keep this going for a little while.
Well, um, you think you can
be able to assist a dentist?
Don't tell me that you even have
a dental certificate.
Come on.
♪ I went to the dentist after eating ♪
♪ A ton of candy ♪
♪ I was scared ♪
♪ I cried ♪
[Hye-jin] Even a certificate
in recreation?
♪ But I'm a brave kid ♪
♪ So I got my teeth fixed ♪
♪ It doesn't hurt anymore ♪
♪ My teeth are healthy and strong ♪
♪ We must brush our teeth ♪
♪ Three times a day ♪
[Du-sik] Once again.
"My teeth hurt so much."
♪ Ouch, my teeth hurt ♪
♪ I went to the dentist after eating ♪
♪ A ton of candy ♪
Okay, who knows how we get cavities?
Oh, I-jun?
Cavities come from bacteria
that are in your mouth,
which break down sugar and create acid,
which erode that makes cavity.
[gasps]
Oh, I-jun, good job.
-[Du-sik] Round of applause.
-[Hye-jin] How smart.
Yes.
[Hye-jin] Now, let's learn
how to brush our teeth.
-Chief Hong.
-[Du-sik] Yes?
[Du-sik] How do you brush your teeth?
I slowly brush my teeth up and down
like this, and on both sides like this.
[Hye-jin] Well… Wait.
You shouldn't do it that way.
[children laughing]
You should never do what he does.
Let's see. Hold the toothbrush like so.
Imagine vibrating it.
-Brush gently.
-Ah, like this?
-Uh-hu, that's good.
-Gently.
-This is how you do it.
-All right.
[children] Okay!
All right, guys. That'll be the end.
Now, questions.
Put your hand up.
-Are you guys dating?
-Huh?
Have you ever kissed?
Excuse me,
use your manners, boys and girls.
Are you getting married?
-Why do you like him?
-Are you in love?
[gasps]
Okay, that's enough.
Just questions about your teeth.
Guys, my parents told me
that a few nights ago,
she went to his house
-and she come and Dr. Yoon and…
-Hey, Bo-ra.
[muffled scream]
Hey, let me talk.
You're making it awkward for her.
[bell chimes]
Cho-hui, where do the chairs go?
I'll help.
Oh, don't worry. I can put them away.
Gosh, how will you carry such heavy…
They'll be really heavy for you. I got it.
-[Cho-hui] Oh, no. It's fine.
-Unbelievable.
You never lifted a finger at home,
but now.
What is he trying to prove?
[scoffs]
Please. I'm not trying to prove anything.
Aren't we finished? You should go.
What? Is that what you want, Yeong-guk?
When did I ever say that?
I'm just saying it's finished.
I-jun's new teacher
is my new next-door neighbor.
And I sense a love triangle
that's forming among those three.
This is better than watching movie.
-[gasps]
-Ms. Yeo. I mean, Hwa-jeong.
If you're available this weekend,
I'd like to get lunch.
Huh?
Wait. You wanna get lunch with her?
You come too.
Let's have a meal together, hm?
-Yeah.
-Maybe you'll be busy, huh? Aren't you?
I have some…
[grunts]
-Oh, my God, are you all right?
-What is it?
Oh no. What's wrong?
Ms. Yeo, what's going on? Are you in pain?
[groans]
-Do you have a toothache?
-Yeah, I think so.
[Cho-hui] Oh, dear.
Where's the nurse's office?
Oh, yeah. It's this way.
[groans]
-Goodness.
-Walk slowly.
-[Hye-jin] Is it very painful?
-No.
-Does this one hurt? Okay.
-Oh, no. That one's okay.
-Really? How about--
-Oh, that hurts.
-Oh, boy. It hurts?
-Yeah.
-How about here?
-There too.
It really hurts.
I see.
Sometimes we clench
our teeth when we're asleep.
I think I do that.
I clench them in my sleep, so…
I think it's myofascial syndrome.
Myofascial?
Yes. You have all these nerves
around your face
and sometimes
when you have pain in your head
it can manifest this pain in your molars.
What should I do?
Ice. You should put ice on it for a bit,
then heat and come in to the clinic.
If you're in too much pain,
you can take painkillers.
Thank you, Dr. Yoon. Really.
The pain wasn't terrible before.
I thought it was a cavity.
Yeah, people think toothaches
are always problems with the teeth.
Sometimes, that's not it.
So it's important to find out
where the pain is coming from.
That way, you can receive
proper treatment.
Mm-hm. I understand.
Ma'am, I need some
anti-diarrheal medicine.
-Okay, I'll be right back.
-Okay.
[groans]
Oh, Ms. Pyo.
Mm, hello,
so what brings you here, officer?
Dental floss.
You told me to floss every day.
Right.
Are you not feeling unwell?
Well, uh, just a little bit of a headache.
Ma'am, you said anti-diarrheal?
Can you tell me how bad it is?
Is it watery?
Ms. Pyo. Ms. Pyo!
If it's not that bad,
I would suggest not taking the medicine.
Drink a lot of lukewarm water.
Sports drinks are good too.
It's better to flush it out,
rather than forcing it to stop.
How can you just talk so openly about it?
Well, I went through it too.
You shouldn't be embarrassed.
Are you always this kind?
Uh, what?
I've only dated bad men in the past.
Oh.
I see.
What's your ideal girl?
You have a certain type that you date?
[Eun-cheol] My ideal type is quite simple.
Someone who's gentle
but strong on the inside.
Someone who's well-mannered
and soft-spoken,
and exudes soft charisma.
I especially like women
who dress like in the olden days.
Mm.
I love watching historical dramas.
We're polar opposites.
This is never going to work.
[breathes heavily]
Ah.
[mellow music playing]
What are you doing?
-My fee.
-Um…
Ms. Pyo said you'd pay for me
in helping out today.
Jeez. I'm sure she did.
It's coming out of her check.
That's how rich people are, I guess.
Isn't she basically your only friend?
That was a joke.
But I don't have cash. I'll send it later.
Buy me some lunch then. I'm hungry.
Well, what… What do you wanna eat?
Uh, tell me why we had to come
all the way here for a meal?
Too many prying eyes in Gongjin.
It should be safe here.
Gosh. Why don't we army-crawl
into the restaurant.
-[Hye-jin] Are we good?
-What?
My gosh.
[exhales deeply]
[Hye-jin] What should we have?
-Snow crab?
-No. Something else.
Well, I guess you're the expert.
-Do you have right-eyed flounders?
-Yeah.
Slice one and serve it as is
and please season the other.
Yeah, sure. I'll bring it over soon.
-[Hye-jin] Thank you.
-[Du-sik] Thank you.
So… um, sorry about the other day.
I was in the wrong, so…
You know, the "social position" stuff.
Ah, don't apologize for your opinion.
Yeah, but…
Uh, so you…
went to Seoul National University?
[scoffs]
How did you know?
You really studied engineering?
-Is it so hard to believe?
-No.
What are you doing?
Can you solve this problem?
From a test?
A CSAT question.
Who knows? You could be lying to people.
[scoffs]
Okay.
All right.
[exhales deeply]
Here. The answer is number five.
-Correct.
-We're good?
Here. One more.
[Du-sik] Unbelievable.
[gasps]
This one.
It's negative 27.
-How'd you figure that out?
-I'm smart.
One more.
-I promise.
-[sighs]
Good job.
You passed the test.
Why are you making me do this?
-Well…
-Now are you satisfied?
Oh, no. I'm even more perplexed.
Like, why pick this lifestyle?
What life should I have?
An honest one.
You should be reaping what you sow.
Yeah?
I'm just realistic.
If you'd just apply yourself,
you'd see that you--
And that I'd make more money
or whatever it is?
You know I must look like
I'm a completely inefficient person.
Yeah, well…
-That's why you're a lost cause.
-Excuse me?
You have a narrow point of view.
[Hye-jin scoffs]
You should know that there is
more to life than money and just success.
Happiness, self-contentment, peace, love…
Anyway, life isn't a math equation.
There's no clear solution that you
can pull out. There's no right or wrong.
You're just given a problem,
and it's up to you how you solve it.
Okay, that's good.
That's about enough rambling. Thank you.
All right. Now I have an equation for you.
Let me see.
Here we go.
[scoffs]
Chief Hong, I was first in my math class.
It's pretty hard
to get into dental school.
Jeez. Come on.
-[Du-sik] Shouldn't this be 5, not 2?
-Uh, yeah.
Oh, man. My head.
It seems to be taking some time.
Give me one minute.
What is this? Oh, my.
Are you guys kids or something?
Why did you scribble on the table?
You wrote stuff all over the table.
[chuckles]
[Hye-jin] That looks delicious. I'm sorry.
The fish came just in time to save you.
Had she come just a bit later,
I would've solved it.
You would have been impressed.
[both laughing]
[giggles]
Hmm?
When did I get a white hair?
I guess everybody gets older.
Some of us are just faster.
[grunts]
[somber music playing]
-[Hwa-jeong chuckles]
-[phone vibrates]
1 UNREAD MESSAGE
[Cho-hui] Hwa-jeong, it's Cho-hui.
Did you get treated well?
She's just as friendly
as she was back then.
VILLAGE CHIEF CHANG YEONG-GUK
COME GET THE TRASH BAGS
FOR LOW-INCOME HOUSEHOLDS
Oh. I-jun, your tooth is growing.
Really?
Yes. Before you know it,
you'll have all your adult teeth.
I hope it'll be soon.
Really?
Well, I don't.
Why not?
Because I'm sad.
I'm sad to see you grow so fast.
I-jun, don't be in a hurry
to grow up, okay?
I see it.
It's growing.
-Yes.
-Thank you.
That was good.
Mm-hm.
Oh, you have sauce on your lips.
-No. Go over.
-Here?
No, up a bit more there.
Wait.
Hey, I can do it.
[Hye-jin] What's the problem?
We're done. Are you ready to go?
What's with you?
[rain pattering]
It wasn't supposed to rain today, was it?
Uh, I have an umbrella.
I always have one
in case it rains, you know.
[Hye-jin] Hold on. Where is it?
Looking for this?
You have my umbrella?
Mm-hm. You left it that night.
Uh…
Let's walk together then.
[romantic music playing]
[Hye-jin gasps]
Are you nuts? I'm getting drenched!
So what? Don't you feel refreshed?
No, I don't. It feels so uncomfortable.
Just enjoy it.
You just have to let your hair down.
Life's about the unexpected.
You can still get soaked
even with an umbrella.
Just put your hands up
and welcome the rain.
[sighs]
Let's play in the rain, all right?
-Whoa!
-Stop that.
How come? It's fun!
-Whoa!
-Stop it.
-[Du-sik] Whoo!
-[giggles]
Whoa!
["One Sunny Day" by Kassy playing]
[laughing]
They're having fun.
-[pants]
-[Du-sik chuckles]
[Hye-jin] Timeout.
Let's call a truce. I'm exhausted.
[Du-sik] Okay. Agreed.
All right, so playing in the rain
isn't so bad?
[sighs]
Who knows? I might be sick tomorrow.
[romantic music playing]
[Du-sik] It's so hot.
It's much better now.
["My Romance" by CHEEZE playing]
Doesn't look like you have a fever.
But why don't we head in just to be safe?
-Um, Chief Hong.
-What?
Tell me…
about that night…
Nothing happened, right?
Nothing happened, okay?
You sure?
Mm-hm.
Are you still having that nightmare?
I am.
[ominous music playing]
[exhales deeply]
[gasping]
[somber music playing]
[pants]
["Wish" by Choi Yu-ree playing]
I'm losing it.
[Mi-seon] Is anything the matter?
He obviously remembers
but he's playing dumb.
I'm only asking out of pure curiosity,
but what do you think of Chief Hong?
[Hye-jin] I get that being nosy
is incurable,
but I'd appreciate less of your concern.
Hurts my feelings.
-[Seong-hyeon] You have the wrong idea.
-What?
Oh.
[chuckles]
[Hye-jin] Why does it have to be
at my expense?
It's upsetting and I'm offended.
That drink sure was strong.
[Hye-jin] You exhaust me.
I don't care for the rumors.
I'd like for you
to stop crossing the line.